Hello! in this video tutorial I will teach how to weave a crochet ring
There are 3 ways to weave a ring
I'm going to teach one of them here
I'm going to show you how to weave a double ring
let's place the wool on
the finger and let's do 1
and 2 turns, that is, this is the double ring
we introduce
the needle
we take it out of the finger
and we make 1 chain
to adjust
and then we're going to weave in this case
in high point, that is, I'm going to weave 3 chains first to replace
the first high point
and later
inside the ring
I will continue weaving
in high point
This double ring is used just for knitting
in this way we weave
so many points
as requested
in the patterns
let's suppose they ask us
10 points
let's go for the seventh
by the eighth
for the ninth
and for the tenth
how we close
the circle weaving
1 satin stitch in the third string, that is, here
thus
always remember to adjust by pulling this strand
we adjust
and we have the circle
woven on a double ring
If you liked this video and everything related to crochet
click
where do you say subscribe
If you want to see
my previous video
click where it says previous video
and if you want to see my latest videos
click on this poster where it says last videos.
Thank you very much and enjoy the visit to my crochet fabric channel.